/+89⭕
✅
❌

To do list:

- Debuffs (), Balance (), Bonuses (): TBC1✅, TBC2, TBC3

NEW ORDER OF 


if (player.Sol[""].active) for debuffs
Finish making scalings for TMS
in display()



- Add all Solaritology bonuses from (CX)3 and CX5
- make TBC 2 and balance it



LATER: 
put something on The Main Window on "The Core" 
like solar bursting when unlocked



DO NOW:
- Finish TBC2 rewards
- Make the improved Darkness Tree Upgrades
  - Add the effects of 'Bright, Hyper, and Shadow'

- Create TBC2 QoL Rewards

(LATER)
- progress to TBC3 and make it
- maybe add TBC3 influence?
  BC3 influence: TRM4, TBE3, TMS2
   



(0.7 FIXES/BALANCES)
- 4MUD resets solarity every minute (Or is reduced slowly to equal the current gain/gain cap)
- 







> For much later after TQET 0.2

Pestillessence 'Distanced' check
"They were useless..."
- Day time or Night time effects become debuffs if not active
- NM-1 is applied at a ^0.6 rate


Pestillessence 'Distanced pt.2' check
"Just get rid of them!"
- All ECT debuffs are applied before its milestone's reached
- Solar charge's effect is overhauled to equal its amount times it's bonuses
- BRNG and TRNG milestones does nothing




































































for Pestillessence:
Rewind Upgrades! or Rw-Upg! 
how the new feature works:

the player must choose one of the bonuses or clickable and confirm it is what they want before acting as a reset 

in example: `it will give a specific bonus or stats boosting or nerfing things before doing what Eclipsification would do as well as all its content (in this case, it will clear Milestones 1-7). basically resetting everything before the current layer this clickable or thing resides in`

the player of course cannot choose between one or the other if it only has ONE option. in that case will be a 'forced' layer reset.

The second reset and onwards however will have a "Confirm option and do a Pestillation". the player can also chose the adjacant options as well
- you're essentially completing an upgrade tree but every time an upgrade is bought it triggers a major reset. 
  > it can also contain 'required checks' or challenges that REQUIRE you to complete them



Every Compressed Solarity does the following:
10% Enlightenment levels (+)
25% Solarity and Solarity cap (x)


'Reparity' 
add 0.04 to the following:
`Solar Rays exponent`,
`Golden light cap & generation exponents`,
`Modifier score exponents`,
`

also Unlock Blight Points